h1. fiveruns.dash.django package

FiveRuns Dash recipe for Django, packaged as a Django App
* See http://dash.fiveruns.com

h2. Status

This package is currently under active development, and is not ready for production.  It is being tested against Django 1.1 (SVN) and @manage.py runserver@, and has not been tried with @WSGI@, @mod_python@, or other production methods.

At this point the package is being released purely as a technical preview (feedback being highly sought).

h2. Installation

Standard installation via @setuptools@ (and @ez_setup.py@)

  $ sudo python setup.py install
  
You may need to manually install "the fiveruns.dash package":http://github.com/fiveruns/dash-python first.
  
h2. Configuration

Add @fiveruns.dash.django@ to the end of @INSTALLED_APPS@ in your @settings.py@:

  INSTALLED_APPS = (
    # ...
    'fiveruns.dash.django'
  )
  
Next you must set @DASH_TOKEN@ to a valid application token (provided at http://dash.fiveruns.com):

  DASH_TOKEN = 'YOUR-APP-TOKEN'
  
You may also want to set the log level, at least temporarily, for debugging purposes (by default it is set to @logging.WARN@):

  import logging
  DASH_LOGGER_LEVEL = logging.DEBUG
  
For additional options, see the Django portions of the "Python Language Guide":http://dash.fiveruns.com/help/python.html

h2. Requirements

* Django (tested with Django 1.1, from svn; maynot work with previous versions)
* "fiveruns.dash package":http://github.com/fiveruns/dash-django
* "Python 2.5+":http://python.org (though not 3.0 compatible yet).
* "python-aspects 1.3+":http://www.cs.tut.fi/~ask/aspects/index.shtml

h2. License

  (The FiveRuns License)
  Copyright (c) 2006-2008 FiveRuns Corporation
  
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
  a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
  'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
  without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
  distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
  permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
  the following conditions:
  
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
  
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
  CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
  TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
  SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

